Reorg env vars (#2801)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-variables.md

- Using an environment variable.
- Programmatically from within an Airflow task.

> ### Using the Airflow UI

Author: I added headings to be able to link to that section specifically.

</Tabs>

### Using environment variables

To set Airflow variables via an environment variable create an environment variable with the prefix `AIRFLOW_VAR_` + the name of the Airflow variable you want to set.

```text
AIRFLOW_VAR_MYREGULARVAR='my_value'
AIRFLOW_VAR_MYJSONVAR='{"hello":"world"}'
```

To fetch the Airflow variable in the DAG, you can then use the following methods:

> - `Variable.get('<VAR_NAME>', '<default-value>')`: This method is more secure for fetching secret values. However, this method can affect performance because it makes a request to the Airflow metadata database every time your DAGs are parsed, which can occur every 30 seconds. See [DAG writing best practices](dag-best-practices.md#avoid-top-level-code-in-your-dag-file) for more information about avoiding repeated requests in top level code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Variable.get('<VAR_NAME>', '<default-value>')`: This method is recommended and the most secure for fetching secret values. Note that performance can be affected if the `Variable.get()` method is used in top-level DAG code due to making a request to the Airflow metadata database every time your DAGs are parsed, which by default happens every 30 seconds. See [DAG writing best practices](dag-best-practices.md#avoid-top-level-code-in-your-dag-file) for more information about avoiding repeated requests in top level code.
```

I think this is only an issue when the call is made in top level DAG code and would not be true if the call is inside `@task` or inside a function passed to the PythonOperator? I am about 90% sure of that 😅 if that is the case I'd  frame this method as the recommended one 🤔 

cc: @kentdanas :)

Author: good catch @TJaniF . I thought I had it in there.  going to just change the wording a bit.

> - `os.getenv('AIRFLOW_VAR_<VAR_NAME>','<default-value>')`: This method is faster because it reduces the number of Airflow metadata database requests. However, it's less secure. Astronomer does not recommend using `os.getenv` with secret values because calling these values with the function can print them to your logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `os.getenv('AIRFLOW_VAR_<VAR_NAME>','<default-value>')`: This method is faster because it reduces the number of Airflow metadata database requests. However, it's less secure. Astronomer does not recommend using `os.getenv` with secret values because retrieving environment variables with this method can print them to your logs.
```

This is just a suggestion and a me-thing probably but my first thought was "which function?" because `getenv` was called a method in the sentence before even if ofc those terms are synonyms here 😅
